Among the books in Uncle Hercule's home study, there was a set of three volumes, quarto size, hand bound in duck canvas and tied as a bundle with a fabric tape or ribbon. On this ribbon was a lead seal with a curious glyph. 
[Image of Standard Sigil]
It is a cirlce with a verticle chord from 255&deg; to 105&deg; . From a point just above the center two segments radiate to ~45° and ~300&deg;. From the circumference, a segment approx 1/3 the radius, extends outward from 0°
We later learned it was the common glyph of the Knights of the Gold Ring, frequently called the Standard Sigil.
The three volumes were simple ledgers and contained a four column layout consisting of Name, Date1, Date 2, and Location. Additional space was left in the right margin and each page had a header with the a date range.
These three simple volumes contained approximately 83 years  (with a 2 year gap from 1872-1874) of guests that stayed at the Solomon Inn in Nicholson, Georgia.
Along with the roster of guests there are many marginal notes on a variety of matters. Sometimes these clearly refer to the guest. For example by "Michael Hawkins / Lexington Tenn. / June 3 / June 5" there is this note, "dirty boots in bed, left w/o pying dmgs." Other notes have no obvious connection with the guest. These marginal notes account for 635 of the marginalia. For example, by the entry "Josiah Morton, Wife Agnes / Hobart's Crossing, Georgia / Dec 10 / Dec 11" there is this note "Eagle, serpent, Jove. Red Maple 3117, Forty-seven".
We know very little of the the Solomon Inn. It was located along what became US Hwy 441, in Nicholson, Georgia. Given the frequency of guests with the Surname Cheever, it is our assumption that it was locatred nearby the property settled by William Cheever and held by his descnedents to this day. From tax records we have discovered that Solomon Coffin owned The Solomon Inn from 1798 to 1816. We assume he was the original owner and founder of the eponymous inn. Charles Solomon inherited it from his father in 1816, but sold it in 1831 to Matthias Orlando. Charles Coffin may have had substantial debts that needed paying off. Orlando hired Charles's son-in-law, Browning Evans, to manage the inn as well as a neighboring livery stable he won in a card game. When Browning Evans retired, he passed management of the inn to his nephew, Robert.
At some point the Evans family purchased the Inn from Orlando's heirs.  Robert Evans decendants owned the inn for the remainder of its existence. 
Shortly after the third volume ends, Solomon Inn burned in a fire, a complete loss. 
Careful examination of the guests revealed a good number of men and women known to have connections with Knights of the Golden Ring. Many of the leadership of the Enclaves in the lower Appalachian regions passed through the Solomon Inn. We believe the ledger served as a way for members to communicate, like a bulletin board. Furthermore, at least three of the INn operators had strong connections to Knights or were themsleves Knights. Solomon Coffin was a high ranking Knight who left Massachusets suddenly in 1798. 
The ledger has served as a startign point for many of the cases we will reveal in epsiodes of Souther Gothic Codex. One could make the case that the Solomon Inn ledgers, bound in duck canvas and sealed with the Standard Sigil is The Souther Gothic Codex.